Editorial: Type kinds (#970)
graphql/graphql-spec: spec/Section 5 -- Validation.md

- If {typeA} or {typeB} is Scalar or Enum:
  - If {typeA} and {typeB} are the same type return true, otherwise return
    false.

> - Assert: {typeA} and {typeB} are both Object, Interface or Union.

Reviewer: This could be considered as `(a is object and b is object) or (a is interface and b is interface) or (a is union and b is union)`. I think it's clearer without this change; alternatively use "each":

```suggestion
- Assert: each of {typeA} and {typeB} are an Object, Interface or Union.
```
